docs/components/QdtSequencer.md, before:

# QdtSequencer

![QdtSequencer](../assets/sequencer.png "QdtSequencer")

- Loop through a dimension in a given interval.
- Decide if you want to make selections or not.
- Υou can show/hide the navigation and control start/pause with a key stroke like 32 for spacebar.

## Properties

| prop       | type     | default | description |
| ---------- | -------- | ------- | ----------- |
| cols       | Array    | `[]`    | The dimension for the results `[dimension]` |
| delay      | Number   | `5`     | How many seconds before next row |
| selectRow  | Boolean  | `true`  | If we want to select the current row |
| navigation | Boolean  | `true`  | If we want to hide the buttons and handle Sequencer through key strokes. |
| keyCode    | Number   | `null`  | Key to start and stop the Sequencer, like 32 for spacebar |

## Examples

- [https://qdt-apps.qlik.com/qdt-components/react/#/sequencer](https://qdt-apps.qlik.com/qdt-components/react/#/sequencer)

---

[← Back to All Components](https://github.com/qlik-demo-team/qdt-components#components)

Commit message:

docs: add wheel to sequencer

docs/components/QdtSequencer.md, after:

# QdtSequencer

![QdtSequencer](../assets/sequencer.png "QdtSequencer")

- Loop through a dimension in a given interval.
- Decide if you want to make selections or not.
- Υou can show/hide the navigation and control start/pause with a key stroke like 32 for spacebar.

## Properties

| prop       | type     | default | description |
| ---------- | -------- | ------- | ----------- |
| cols       | Array    | `[]`    | The dimension for the results `[dimension]` |
| delay      | Number   | `5`     | How many seconds before next row |
| selectRow  | Boolean  | `true`  | If we want to select the current row |
| navigation | Boolean  | `true`  | If we want to hide the buttons and handle Sequencer through key strokes. |
| keyCode    | Number   | `null`  | Key to start and stop the Sequencer, like 32 for spacebar |
| Wheel      | Boolean  | `false` | Control frames, next and previous with the mouse wheel, only on div hover |

## Examples

- [https://qdt-apps.qlik.com/qdt-components/react/#/sequencer](https://qdt-apps.qlik.com/qdt-components/react/#/sequencer)

---

[← Back to All Components](https://github.com/qlik-demo-team/qdt-components#components)
